# Discussions

In this work, the Disney movies datasets were analyzed in order to find the factors affecting the gross incomes of movies. For the convenience of comparison, the inflation adjusted gross income data were used. Several findings related to the total gross incomes of Disney moives were disclosed. The logics behind these findings were illustrated as an attempt based on the further data analysis.

It shows the Musical genre can generate surpringly higher gross income compared to other movie genres. Further analysis disclosed that this phenomenon is mainly due to the release date. It is found that two of top 3 gross income films are Musical Genre and are filmed in The Golden Age. It shows in the Golden Age of Disney filmmaking, the Disney movie is strongly loved by people and can generate enormous amount of gross income. Even though the production in this stage is just three which is even negligible compared to the that in mordern time with a scale of dozens or hundreds, The Golden Age still generate comparably gross income which implys the highest popularity of films at that time. And this can explain the reason of its name. The popularity of Disney films decreases drastically due to the war and even further till the minimum in the stage of The Bronze Age. After the stage of The Disney Renaissance, the popularity increases a little bit but is still far below its highest point in The Golden Age. This may due to the occurrance of a vast of amusements with the development of technology. Accdordingly, creative ideas and innovative use of modern technolgy in film making to cater to the need of people are highly demanded for the future development of Disney movies.